I'm coming right now we have to do herewe sit there one minuteone minute and if you want to leave when the guy comes with my jacketnever do another thing to your 5 minutes don't ruin your friendship with me 45 minutes and it reads full unequivocalmr. Weinstein mr. Weinstein has further confirmed that there were never any acts of retaliation against any women for refusing his advances Mister Weinstein obviously can't speak to Anonymous allegations but with respect to any women who have made allegations on the record Mister Weinstein believes that all of these relationships were consensual mr. Weinstein has begun counseling his listen to the community and is pursuing a bettermr. Weinstein is hoping that if he makes enough progress he will be given a second chanceI'm coming right now we have to do here we sit there one minute one minute and if you want to leave when the guy comes with my jacket never do another thing to your 5 minutes don't ruin your friendship with me 45 minutes and it reads full unequivocal mr. Weinstein mr. Weinstein has further confirmed that there were never any acts of retaliation against any women for refusing his advances Mister Weinstein obviously can't speak to Anonymous allegations but with respect to any women who have made allegations on the record Mister Weinstein believes that all of these relationships were consensual mr. Weinstein has begun counseling his listen to the community and is pursuing a better mr. Weinstein is hoping that if he makes enough progress he will be given a second chance I'm coming right now we have to do here we sit there one minute one minute and if you want to leave when the guy comes with my jacket never do another thing to your 5 minutes don't ruin your friendship with me 45 minutes and it reads full unequivocal mr. Weinstein mr. Weinstein has further confirmed that there were never any acts of retaliation against any women for refusing his advances Mister Weinstein obviously can't speak to Anonymous allegations but with respect to any women who have made allegations on the record Mister Weinstein believes that all of these relationships were consensual mr. Weinstein has begun counseling his listen to the community and is pursuing a better mr. Weinstein is hoping that if he makes enough progress he will be given a second chance 